oh so exciting oh so inspiring oh so
surprising oh so oh it's the symbol of
Omaha a show of pride in our city a
statement of support by the people the
organization's the events and the
businesses that use it a celebration of
our city's accomplishments and the
anticipation of all that lies ahead it's
the Oh recognizable in an instant this
symbol has proven to be an effective
visual image for Omaha it's shown up as
far away as Omaha sister city Halawa
Mexico and as close to home as the
corner store in fact all the ways we
find to use it show just how creative
and ingenious Omaha is our it's been a
firework in the sky painted on a child's
cheek stenciled on a city sidewalk even
a sculpture playing whimsical chimes at
the Children's Museum the 0 represents
everything that is positive about our
community and the great pride our
citizens have in their hometown I think
Theo transcends cultural and even
language differences and it shows to
support our citizen give our city and
all that it represents the old public
art project in the old campaign has
given up being the Center for
Contemporary Art a wonderful opportunity
to bring contemporary art directly
through Omaha is also given us the
opportunity to partner with some great
businesses and organizations like the
greater omaha Chamber of Commerce and
Allegiant he'll be missed Center's
mission is a sport exceptional talent in
this case the talent comes from within
our state and within our city well for
us the O was love at first bite and it
seemed the perfect way to help us
promote what L mahabub llyich library
does for the community it's really
helped us achieve that we have the O on
our delivery vans and they say follow me
to the library oh what a library and
it's just been a great flexible tool for
us to use in everything we do
it's just a wonderful marketing tool
what began four years ago is an
innovative partnership between the city
of omaha the greater omaha Chamber of
Commerce the Omaha Convention and
Visitor's Bureau and the Peter Kiewit
foundation has evolved into a full-scale
community-wide campaign to further this
vibrant visual image it's no wonder this
engaging symbol has been so
overwhelmingly embraced you know the o
is so simple but it's so powerful it's
this one symbol that's the connection
between the community and businesses it
tells customers that the company is
proud to be doing business here in Omaha
it demonstrates the business is
willingness to sponsor an event and it
makes them part of a community wide
confidence in our future designed to
reach across the city the campaign's
grassroots appeal has fueled the O's
evolution into something much more today
it is incorporated into large-scale
projects from public works and city
infrastructures to the popular old
public art project a spirited artistic
effort that puts the o' in omaha at
alegent health our mission and vision
calls for us to speak to and focus on
the health lick unique and while indeed
that means good health care facilities
and health and wellness it means more
than that it also speaks to the
importance in arts and culture and
community spirit and what better project
to bring together all of those elements
than the O public art project the great
thing about the o is you never quite
know where and when it will appear the
symbol has been creatively and
enthusiastically used by residents
businesses and cultural organizations
alike from making a statement to making
an impression one thing you can always
count on the positive feeling it gives
everyone who sees it the O symbol is
everywhere you see it all over town it
makes people happy about where they live
it makes people excited about a growing
and vibrant community the osim belisma
best visual way i know of that we can
all stand up and cheer for omaha any
time any place any
where it's easy to go oh let us show you
how at oh so surprising com